hi I'm burning black more I work for
aggressing foods and have done for the
last ten years and today I'm going to
show you how to cook the perfect duck
breast right here we have the breasts
here which I've trimmed off already for
any excess fat and first I'm going to do
is get the pan going on a low to medium
heat and then quickly score the skin
okay you don't want to come through with
a knife too far got to make sure you've
got a nice sharp knife you don't really
want to go through to the flesh if you
can help it
okay then I'm going to season both sides
alright a bit of salt and pepper
they've got your pan on you don't need
any oil at all because it's going to be
a lot of fat rendering down okay so you
place it into the pan and you want to
get a nice golden crispy skin okay which
will take about three minutes right when
the skin is nice golden crispy
appearance quickly sear it look at those
absolute delicious about 30 seconds on
the flesh side they're going to flip it
back over then it's going to go into a
preheated oven 200 degrees centigrade if
you haven't got a metal pan just
transfer it to a baking tray that's
already been in there right now the duck
breasts have been cooking for four to
six minutes in the oven I prefer to eat
my duck breasts pink however if you
prefer to cook them longer than that's
up to you on the website aggressing
foods has specific cooking time so if
you like it medium well-done
etc now you need to keep these duck
breasts resting for about four minutes
before serving this allows the moisture
to draw back into the center of the duck
to make it more tender now they've been
resting for about four or five minutes
they're ready to serve they're going to
be lovely and tender so I'm going to pop
them on the chopping board there I'm
going to cut them into four five slices
you don't want too thin otherwise it's
going to be it's going to lose its heat
very quickly so I'm just going to cut
them up there
and then now that I've cut them up
they're ready to serve so I'm going to
put them on the plate they're delicious
perfect duck breasts